Update log configuration (#11211)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/send-data/promtail/cloud/ecs/_index.md

    "logConfiguration": {
        "logDriver": "awsfirelens",
        "options": {
            "Name": "loki",
            "Host": "<grafanacloud host>",
            "Http_User": "<userid>", 
            "Labels": "{job=\"firelens\"}",
            "RemoveKeys": "container_id,ecs_task_arn",
            "LabelKeys": "container_name,ecs_task_definition,source,ecs_cluster",
            "LineFormat": "key_value"
        },
        "secretOptions": [{
            "name": "Http_Passwd",
            "valueFrom": "data.aws_secretsmanager_secret.grafana_cloud_loki_http_password.id"
        }]
    },
    "name": "sample-app"
}
```

The second container is our `sample-app`, a simple [alpine][alpine] container that prints to stdout welcoming messages. To send those logs to Loki, we will configure this container to use the log driver `awsfirelens`.

> Go ahead and replace the `Host and HTTP_User` property with your [GrafanaCloud][GrafanaCloud] credentials, you can find them in your [account][grafanacloud account] in the Loki instance page. If you're running your own Loki instance replace completely the URL (e.g `http://my-loki.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go ahead and replace the `Host` and `HTTP_User` property with your [GrafanaCloud][GrafanaCloud] credentials, you can find them in your [account][grafanacloud account] in the Loki instance page. If you're running your own Loki instance replace completely the URL (for example, `http://my-loki.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push`).
```
